README.md, before:

# Natural Language Processing Work
## [Assignment 1](./Assignment%201/README.md)

![Assignment 1 Preview](asm1-preview.png)

## [Assignment 2](./Assignment%202/README.md)

![Assignment 2 Preview](./Assignment%202/models_comparison.png)

## [Seminar Research](./Seminar%20Paper/Paper%20Presentation%20-%20Group%202.pdf)
Given the rising popularity of social media, there is a risk of negative impacts such as cyberbullying, causing mental health distress to some users. As a result, we dived into an exploration of depression detection with the **DORIS framework** proposed by Lan X., Cheng Y., Sheng L., Gao C., and Li Y. It also forms a basis for our project which aims to perform a NLP-based model targetting suicide detection.

## [Project](./Project/CSI5386_Natural_Language_Processing_Project_Proposal.pdf)
Our project analyzes suicidal intentions from popular social media platforms, and trains the best model for suicidal detection. Here are the models that we've used. 

### Fine-Tuning a Deep Learning based Transformer - DistilBERT
![Project - Deep Learning based DistilBERT Model's Results](./Project/NLP%20Training/deep_learning_distilBERT_results.png)

## Execution Guide
* [**TMUX**](tmux.md) for idling long executions

Commit message:

Updated README with PDF summary of our works

README.md, after:

# Natural Language Processing Work
## [Assignment 1](./Assignment%201/README.md)

![Assignment 1 Preview](asm1-preview.png)

## [Assignment 2](./Assignment%202/README.md)

![Assignment 2 Preview](./Assignment%202/models_comparison.png)

## [Seminar Research](./Seminar%20Paper/Paper%20Presentation%20-%20Group%202.pdf)
Given the rising popularity of social media, there is a risk of negative impacts such as cyberbullying, causing mental health distress to some users. As a result, we dived into an exploration of depression detection with the **DORIS framework** proposed by Lan X., Cheng Y., Sheng L., Gao C., and Li Y. It also forms a basis for our project which aims to perform a NLP-based model targetting suicide detection.

## [Project](./Project/CSI5386_Natural_Language_Processing_Project_Proposal.pdf)
### Summary of Our Work
* [Project's Proposal](./Project/CSI5386_Natural_Language_Processing_Project_Proposal.pdf)
* [Presenting from the NLP's Perspective](./Project/Project%20Presentation%20-%20NLP%20Aspects.pdf)
Our project analyzes suicidal intentions from popular social media platforms, and trains the best model for suicidal detection. Here are the models that we've used. 

### Fine-Tuning a Deep Learning based Transformer - DistilBERT
![Project - Deep Learning based DistilBERT Model's Results](./Project/NLP%20Training/deep_learning_distilBERT_results.png)

## Execution Guide
* [**TMUX**](tmux.md) for idling long executions
